Too early to die, mother,
Why are you here?
Run as fast as you can, no,
Are you okay?
Shangju? A bad mouthpiece,
Why are you going against the grain? You're going to stab me now!
Why are you quarreling? He is an ordinary young man.
Every hair on my head is dead,
Oh, me, tomorrow, tomorrow, it will be so difficult!
Chenggongzi, since he dares to hit me,
Pay him to me quickly!
Boy, you know how to kill yourself,
If Nongyin takes action, your life will be worse than death.
Tomorrow, are you going to beat me, this person?
Kill your daughter in your home and kill her
You are shouldering the burden and helping him
Legend of Jianghu You are the Dragon Gate Network
I'm pretending that this country is a fox of the US President
I'll wait for you to write and teach me a lesson
Lord Long killed him